Auntie blames mom
Mom accidentally lost you
You have suffered a lot over the years
But don't worry.
Mom will make it up to you.
And
My mom lost you because she saved me.
As long as I am here in the future
No one wants to bully you again
How dare you say it?
This morning at the Canhui Hotel
Only you gave me a slap
And he kicked me twice
Brother is blind
I can't even recognize my own sister
Brother apologizes to you
Forget it
It's just Li Hongyi, he deserves it
It's because of him
I just stopped you
I've been teaching him a lesson for three days in the hospital just now.
The next three days
See how I teach him a good lesson
Brother, but he is my classmate after all
You are so kind
Wild girl like him
I don't even deserve to carry your shoes
You are my sister of Su Qinghui
The dignified Miss Su family
Long Battlefield
Only you can be called Yiyi
It's nice to have a brother like you.
Thank you, Mrs. Wang.
All these years of hard work to pull 100 million up
It wasn't easy.
You are the great benefactor of our Su family
There are 5 million
You can come to us if you need anything in the future.
Haha, as long as you live quietly, it's good.
I'm satisfied
You pack up one by one
I'll send someone to pick you up at 6pm
Brother prepared a bowl of noodles in the evening
Celebrate your coming home thank you bro
This is the hair I just washed from Liu Jing
Who will do a paternity test for you?
Remember the results I want to get before dark
Liu Jing must not know about this
Zhou always suspects that there is close to pretending to be friendship